The first branch from the master, test. What does testing mean here? Experimenting in something that could achieve a result but I'm unsure what that might be. I hope to look into some new ways of writing and producing writing. Writing production here includes creation and dissemenation as highly connected aspects of the process. How art was made during the enlightenment is inteimately tied to production and consumption. What is this relationship with code?

The tech section

Last week students at the university of qingdong released V 0.3b of their universal copy-write detector called QUOTID. This applicaiton is designed to process large amounts text data to determine the existnce of natural languages in various language encodings (currently supporting mandarin, latin and cyrillic). Once determined that the languge is written as human readable QUOTID will compare this string to a blob of data containing copywritten martial. This ranges from the standard protected texts such as books and movie scripts but has expanded with recent International Court of Justice decisions about the immediate nature of private copywrite. Due to this decision anything written by a private individual is immiediately considered their intellectual property. This has proliferated in recent decades with the persristence of many social media networks that content on their servers does not consitute their information but rather, their users information and hence these statements are the intellectual property of the users, not the service provider. QUOTID will store this intellectual property in a temporary semi-indexed blob in order to match any existing strings to determine whether intellectual property has been breached. Using current technology this would be next to impossible without levereging large amounts of the AWS or Azure cloud systems. 

Once copywritten material has been identified a number of generic methods are used to notify the system owner of the infringement but the intellectual property owner is not notified. This is due to the fact that this informtation is never known by QUOTID. Storing the property itself and a corrosponding ID would introduce the problems of data integrity and identity and would require increased processing power in orders of magnitutde.

Early this week, 5 days after release of v0.3b QUOTID had sent 724,348 informal takedown notices advising that a paticular phrase had already been published on the internet. ~30,000 of the identitfied intellectual property consisted of statements such as "how are you?" and "love you too". Inital commentators on major beta releases v0.212b and v0.1b debated the granualarity of the search algorthithm, arguing that such statements should be disregarded as generic and therefor impossible to copywrite. This lead to two distinct debates that overflowed from the mailing list: is saying 'i love you' generic enough to exist as without an owner? How does this application relate to the recent US Federal Court decision on Oracle VS Google on the use of a particular Java API? The decision here was that Google had used intellectual property belonging to Oracle in the form of a particular Java API. While the API itself is open source and anyone can use it this must be done with proper attribution. Some stated that the first user of the phrase "i love you" should be referenced each time it is used, potentially with an act similar to a christian genuflection or a simple ritual statement as when someone sneezes (rituals are currently exempt from international intellectual property laws).

built to run on apache hadoop although it is rumoured a splinter group is developing a decentralized botnet version.

- when a new language is developed, a new lingo, the powers that determine 'natural language processing' will be more human than how we speak. Human, all too human.




